How about dreams? What is a dream? Yeah.
Well, I, I, I, more and more, I don't know if you're paying attention to this.
There's now it's become more acceptable in the scientific community to do large
scale studies of psychedelics, for example.
And there's a lot of connection between psychedelics and dreams.
There's very similar states.
There's there's a lot of our mind does when it's the attaches itself from
reality that it can just explore a lot of different ideas.
It's very possible that dreams is you're traveling somewhere.
And the same thing with psychedelics, you're traveling somewhere.
I agree in a different, not traveling through physical space.
It's the other dimensions that we're talking about.
You're traveling some other through some other dimension to meet some other
creature people with DMT that they meet some elves I've never done.
I I'd like to, I don't know if there's a safe, legal way to do it, but,
uh, they all talk about meeting elves <laugh> and like creatures,
like entities, like who are, who are they? <laugh> what's <laugh>.
What is this? Is it because they're high or it's because it really, yeah.
They're actually meeting something and maybe there's no difference. I mean that,
uh, who knows exactly. And that takes us right back to us,
not being able to really understand how our mind works. You know,
I work in artificial intelligence.
It's clear that we understand so little about intelligence,
some basic things about intelligence mm-hmm <affirmative>,
<affirmative> just at the, at the very sort of basic, uh,
first principles level.
We don't understand what it means to,
to reason to think to a assimilate pieces of knowledge together
from, from the basics to the complex. We don't understand it.
We don't understand how the human mind does it.
We don't understand how the human mind is able to take incredible waterfall of
information and filter cleanly into just like clean.
You only see the things that are important and are able to stitch jump together
and be able to reason about the world. And at the same time,
have moments of like genius of creativity. What is that?
That also, you know, people writers talk about that, that they're, you know,
they're almost like communicating with amuse, like where do ideas come from?
Yeah, this is the Joe Rogan philosophy.
But, but I,
I do know that past civilization where a lot of them were BA based on shamanism
mm-hmm <affirmative> and you know what I think it's sad is if some drink
alcohol and when he is drunk, he's going to commit like,
CRA like, like murders or so we're gonna blame the person, right? Yeah.
We're gonna say that's his fault. It's not the fault of alcohol. However,
if someone does psych or any things that is illegal and do
something crazy, now we're gonna put the fault on,
on psychedelic. You know what I mean?
And perhaps the person itself is the, the reason why,
you know, he is been doing these things, you know what I mean? So, yeah.
It's fascinating how, like, society, you know, like in Canada they just, uh,
legalize marijuana. They, oh yeah. Marijuana is legal.
But before that, before they did it, like, if you talk, for example to my dad,
my dad is against it. Like, because the whole mentality is like,
it's drug it's bad, but drinking a great, you know, drinking a beer, it's fine.
I mean, what is, you know, what, what is good? What is bad?
And I guess you think chocolate could be bad as well for your health, or,
I mean, I'm going through the extreme now, but what is good?
What is bad if you use it for recreation, you use it for an experience for,
to learn about your, of it's like it's, uh,
the line is very tidy. You know,
there's some countries that drugs are all legal, you know what I mean? And,
and I, I, I don't know the, the, the stats, but I would,
I would be interesting to know if they have more crimes there
than other countries where it's more strict would I would be interesting to know
about that. It's fascinate me, you know? Yeah.
And I mean, we,
humans kind of just come up with the arbitrary lines of what's good,
what's bad that applies with drugs that applies with anything, uh,
that applies with animals. For example, we talked about carnivore diet.
Maybe the time we live in now will be remembered for the cruelty to animals,
for example.
And I believe this the 21st century will be remembered
for our cruelties to robots that, uh, eventually <laugh>,
there'll be a civil rights movement for robots where the, the ones who,
uh, choose to be conscious, the ones who have consciousness will say,
we deserve rights, too. We deserve to be treated with respect too.
How about the people we put in jail? People put in jail,
maybe I think in the future,
we'll look back and will think of ourself being stupid to,
you know, to put people in jail of, you know,
like trying to fix the problem in, in, in, in, at the base,
you know, of course now we're,
or I guess it's our endurance that made it in a way that we cannot sort
sometimes understand what makes, uh, sometime psychopath psychopath or a murder,
a murder, but, you know,
if we can pinpoint the problem and take care of it before, you know what I mean,
or made it in a way we can re reestablish that person in,
in the society, you know, who knows, you know, what was the future as old?
It's interesting. We live in an interesting time.